# Python scripts

These are some Python scripts I have written. Most of them are relatively quick scripts, but some are more elaborate.

## Terminal Tic-Tac-Toe

This is a terminal game of Tic-Tac-Toe, also known as Three in a Row. The player's goal is to get three X-es in a row before the computer can get three O-s in a row.
The game is played through terminal input. The player writes the number of the tile they wish to mark, and the tiles are numbered like this:

|   |   |   |
|:--|:-:|--:|
| 1 | 2 | 3 |
| 4 | 5 | 6 |
| 7 | 8 | 9 |

The computer makes its move by figuring out what the best next tile is for it. It can also pick an unmarked tile at random. The player decides how often the computer
picks at random by inputting the CPU's difficulty level at the start of the script. If the player picks 0, then the CPU will always pick the best move, while if
the player picks 10, the CPU will always pick a random move. In other words, 0 is 0 % randomness, 1 is 10 % randomness, 2 is 20 % randomness, and so on, up to 10, which is 100 % randomness.

The exact way the computer figures out what the best move is with a look-up table. The script will take the current state of the game, and mutate it with rotations and mirroring if necessary,
and find a configuration it knows. This configuration is stored as a key in a map, and the key's value is the move it will make, as it will lead to the best possible next game state.
The known configurations are stored in a file and loaded when the script is run, but if the file can't be found, the configurations will be generated by the script.
(The rotation and mirroring part of this generation process does not currently work correctly and has been left out. This makes the amount of configurations larger than it should ideally be.)